Engdocs 1683 (#18321)
docker/docs: content/desktop/use-desktop/resource-saver.md

timer as shown below.

![Resource Saver Settings](../images/resource-saver-settings.png)

If the values available aren't sufficient for your
needs, you can reconfigure it to any value, as long as the value is larger than 30 seconds, by
changing `autoPauseTimeoutSeconds` in the Docker Desktop `settings.json` file: 

  - Mac: `~/Library/Group Containers/group.com.docker/settings.json`
  - Windows: `C:\Users\[USERNAME]\AppData\Roaming\Docker\settings.json`
  - Linux: `~/.docker/desktop/settings.json`

There's no need to restart Docker Desktop after reconfiguring. 

When Docker Desktop enters Resource Saver mode, a leaf icon displays on the
Docker Desktop status bar as well as on the Docker icon in
the system tray. The following image shows the Linux VM CPU and memory utilization reduced
to zero when Resource Saver mode is on. 

![Resource Saver Status Bar](../images/resource-saver-status-bar.png)

When Docker Desktop enters Resource Saver mode, Docker commands that don't run
containers, for example listing container images or volumes, don't necessarily
trigger an exit from Resource Saver mode as Docker Desktop can serve such
commands without unnecessarily waking up the Linux VM.

> >**Note**
> >
> > Exit from Resource Saver mode occurs automatically when containers run. Exit
> > may take a few seconds (~3 to 10 secs) as Docker Desktop restarts the Linux VM.
> > It's generally faster on Mac and Linux, and a bit slower on Windows (with Hyper-V).

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> Docker Desktop exits the Resource Saver mode automatically when it needs to.
> Commands that cause an exit from Resource Saver take a little longer to execute
> (about 3 to 10 seconds) as Docker Desktop restarts the Linux VM.
> It's generally faster on Mac and Linux, and slower on Windows with Hyper-V.
```

meaning that while Docker Desktop is in Resource Saver mode, manually pausing
Docker Desktop is not possible (nor does it make sense since Resource Saver
actually stops the Docker Desktop Linux VM). In general, we recommend keeping
Resource Saver enabled as opposed to disabling it and using the manual Pause
feature, as it results in much better CPU and memory savings.

## Resource Saver mode on Windows

Resource Saver works a bit differently on Windows with WSL. Instead of
stopping the WSL VM, it only pauses the Docker Engine inside the
`docker-desktop` WSL distro. That's because in WSL there's a single Linux VM
shared by all WSL distros, so Docker Desktop can't stop the Linux VM (i.e.,
the WSL Linux VM is not owned by Docker Desktop). As a result, Resource Saver
reduces CPU utilization on WSL, but it does not reduce Docker's memory
utilization. 

To reduce memory utilization on WSL, we instead recommend that
users enable WSL's `autoMemoryReclaim` feature as described in the
[Docker  Desktop WSL docs](../wsl/_index.md). Finally, since Docker Desktop does not
stop the Linux VM on WSL, exit from Resource Saver mode is immediate (there's
no exit delay).

## Feedback

> Give feedback or report any bugs you may find  create an issue on the appropriate Docker
>   Desktop GitHub repository:
>   - [for-mac](https://github.com/docker/for-mac)
>   - [for-win](https://github.com/docker/for-win)

Reviewer: Formatting + double space

```suggestion
Give feedback or report any bugs you may find create an issue on the appropriate Docker Desktop GitHub repository:

- [for-mac](https://github.com/docker/for-mac)
- [for-win](https://github.com/docker/for-win)
```
